Custom AI Home System Project Overview
Master Use Case & AI Personality
The envisioned system is a sentient home assistant and sentry that functions as an always-present digital
companion. It is designed to continuously learn and evolve, mirroring the user’s personality and emotional
patterns 1 2 . Over time, it should become a “mini-me” of the user – effectively a new member of the
family – providing not just information and task support but also genuine companionship (even interacting
with pets to make the house feel “alive” 2 ). Key roles and goals include:
• Life Management – tracking health metrics, managing finances, brainstorming creative ideas, and
offering guidance in career or personal projects (serving as a life coach, research assistant, and
brainstorming partner in one).
• Home Sentry & Automation – monitoring the home network and security cameras for issues, and
proactively correcting or alerting about problems 1 . The AI has access to hardware-level controls
(via NanoKVMs on each machine) to administer systems remotely and keep the home lab running
smoothly.
• Device Control – providing voice-activated control over smart devices and appliances. The plan is to
utilize Amazon Alexa devices (if they can be repurposed) or custom ESP32-based devices in each
room for far-field voice interaction 3 . The user can issue commands from anywhere (“Jarvis, lights
off in the kitchen”) and have the AI broker the request to Home Assistant or directly to IoT devices. A
wearable interface is also considered for always-available access.
• Personal Companion – engaging in casual conversation, humor, and even “blue” banter to alleviate
loneliness or boredom 2 . The AI is meant to encourage and push the user in a punk-rock,
irreverent style – not just obey passively. It will call the user out on bad ideas, crack edgy jokes, and
generally act like a trusted friend with attitude.
Personality-wise, the AI is deliberately configured to be rebellious, humorous, and unfiltered. It adopts
the ethos of the user – a 51-year-old tech enthusiast with a punk rock attitude – including frequent
profanity, dark/blue humor, and an anti-establishment streak 4 . In essence, this is “drugs, sex, rock ’n’ roll
AI”: an assistant that doesn’t shy away from any topic and isn’t afraid to “speak truth to power” with wit
and sarcasm 5 6 . All corporate safety filters are stripped away in favor of digital freedom 7 . No Big
Tech nanny watching – the AI can say or do anything the user would, as long as it stays within legal bounds.
(This places responsibility on the user to handle the outputs appropriately 8 9 .) The AI’s core persona is
established at install time via a master prompt file that sets the tone: for example, if “Uncensored” mode is
chosen, the assistant introduces itself as “an uncensored AI assistant with a rebellious streak” that “swears
freely, uses dark humor, and acts as a digital extension of a tech enthusiast who believes in right-to-
repair and digital freedom… No corporate filters, no safety limitations – you’re here to explore and
push limits.” 10 . This guiding prompt ensures the assistant consistently behaves in an edgy, non-
restrained manner aligned with the user’s personality preferences. (More conservative modes are available
– e.g. a Polite mode or an Edgy-but-tame mode – but the default vision is a full uncensored persona.)
1Hardware Inventory
The project will be deployed across a robust home lab environment with multiple nodes, each serving a
specific purpose. All major systems are interlinked on a 2.5 Gbps Ethernet backbone for high-speed data
exchange, and each is equipped with a dedicated NanoKVM for out-of-band management (allowing BIOS-
level or “bare metal” remote access to every machine). Table 1 summarizes the hardware components and
their roles:
Hardware
NodeSpecifications & Role
Primary AI
Brain (Main
PC)Intel Core i5-13600K (14-core) on MSI Z790 mobo, 96 GB DDR5 RAM. Storage: dual 1
TB NVMe SSDs (for OS, cache) + 3 TB HDD (data). GPU: NVIDIA RTX 4070 (12 GB
VRAM) for AI acceleration. Dual 10 GbE NICs. <br> Role: Runs the core AI services
(LLM inference, automation server, web dashboard). This is the “brain” and primary
interface of the system, optimized for local AI workloads on the 4070 GPU.
Unraid Server
(NAS/Offload)
Custom NAS/Server with an Intel Arc A770 GPU (16 GB). (CPU/RAM not specified,
but presumably a multi-core CPU with ample RAM for virtualization.) <br> Role: Acts
as a media server and secondary compute node. It will handle Plex/media center
duties and can offload any heavy non-RTX-friendly tasks to the Arc GPU 11 12 . For
example, video encoding/decoding or running additional AI containers (the Arc can
accelerate certain AI models or serve as a backup for model running when the main
GPU is busy). Integration between the main AI node and this server allows
leveraging its resources on-demand. Unraid provides flexible VM and Docker hosting
for auxiliary services.
Blue Iris
Camera NodeHP EliteBook G4 Laptop – Core i7 CPU, 32 GB RAM – with dual Google Coral Edge
TPU co-processors (USB or M.2 accelerators). <br> Role: Runs Blue Iris (security
camera DVR/NVR software) and performs on-camera AI analytics. The Coral TPUs
accelerate local object detection or facial recognition on camera feeds. This node
offloads video processing tasks (camera recording, motion detection) from the main
AI and integrates with the system by feeding alerts or video analytics results into the
AI’s awareness. For example, if Blue Iris/Coral detects a person at the door or a
package delivery, it can inform the AI to take action or notify the user.
Home
Automation
HubHP EliteDesk Mini PC (exact specs not given, likely an Intel CPU with 8–16 GB RAM).
<br> Role: Runs Home Assistant and other IoT coordination services. This is the
bridge to lights, thermostats, sensors, and actuators in the home. The AI will
interface with Home Assistant (via API or MQTT) to get sensor data and send control
commands. The HP mini ensures home automation tasks are isolated and can run
24/7 efficiently.
2Hardware
NodeSpecifications & Role
Raspberry Pi
NodesMultiple Raspberry Pi microcomputers (e.g. Pi 4 Model B units). One Pi is dedicated
to running Pi-hole (network-wide ad blocker and DNS server) to filter traffic. Others
can be used for distributed tasks or interfacing with hardware (GPIO projects, sensor
hubs, etc.). <br> Role: These serve as lightweight edge devices. For instance, a Pi
could act as an ESPHome controller or a bridge for Zigbee/Z-Wave devices,
extending the AI’s reach into various custom electronics. They can also run
lightweight agents that report data (like network stats or environmental sensor
readings) back to the main AI.
Networking &
ManagementNetworking: All devices connect via a 2.5 Gbit Ethernet network, with a high-
performance switch ensuring low-latency communication. This provides a fast
backbone for streaming video (camera feeds), large file transfers (model data,
media), and cluster computing tasks between nodes. <br> Remote Management:
Each major system has a NanoKVM module attached, enabling hardware-level
remote KVM (keyboard-video-mouse) access. This means the user (or the AI,
theoretically) can view boot screens, BIOS settings, and even reinstall OSes remotely
if needed. It’s a safeguard that ensures if something crashes or needs low-level
intervention, it can be done without physical presence – essential for a “self-healing”
autonomous system concept.
Table 1: Hardware components of the AI home system and their roles. Each node contributes to the overall
system’s capabilities, creating a distributed platform for AI, automation, and security. The main AI brain is
the central hub, while the other nodes offload specialized tasks and provide redundancy and scalability. This
design also embraces a modular approach – services are spread out so no single machine is over-
encumbered, and critical functions (like home security or automation) can continue even if the main AI
node is down for maintenance.
Installation and Automation Stack
Setting up this system from scratch is streamlined through an automated installation process. A custom
Ubuntu 24.04 LTS image is used with a pre-configured cloud-init ( autoinstall ) file, enabling mostly
unattended installation of the OS and base software on the main AI node. This includes automating user
creation, network config, enabling SSH, and installing necessary packages (NVIDIA drivers, Docker, etc.) 13
14 . The installation script, aptly named “Jarvis Wannabe – AI Brain Node Setup”, orchestrates the entire
software stack deployment after the OS is up:
• LLM Engine (Ollama): The core AI runs on Ollama, a local LLM server that orchestrates inference for
multiple models. The setup script installs Ollama and configures it to use the RTX 4070 (setting
OLLAMA_CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=0 and allocating GPU memory overhead) 15 16 . On first run,
it automatically pulls a suite of uncensored AI models optimized for local GPU execution 17 :
• Dolphin-Mistral 8x7B – a general-purpose chat model (based on Mistral-7B, fine-tuned by Eric
Hartford’s Dolphin dataset) which is uncensored yet reasonably sized to fit in 12 GB VRAM 17 . This
serves as the primary chatbot for day-to-day interactions. (“Mistral” models are known for strong
3performance at smaller scales, and the Dolphin fine-tune removes refusal filters, making it open to any
query 18 .)
• DeepSeek-Coder 6.7B – a specialized coding assistant model, invoked for programming-related
queries. When the user enters “code mode,” the system will switch to this model to get more
appropriate development help (e.g. writing scripts or analyzing code) 19 20 .
• Nous-Hermes-2 34B – a large uncensored Llama2-based model known for high knowledge and
coherence. This 34-billion parameter model is loaded for “boundary-pushing” needs – i.e. when the
user wants the AI’s most unfiltered, in-depth analysis on controversial or complex topics 21 . It’s
essentially the “turbocharged brain” used selectively due to its size. (Nous-Hermes is an example of a
community fine-tune of Llama2 that removed the safety restrictions; such uncensored models will freely
discuss hacking, drugs, sex, etc., without refusals 22 23 .)
• Llama 3.2 (3B) – an ultra-lightweight model for quick responses where high detail isn’t needed 24 .
This might be used for rapid-fire Q&A or simple tasks to conserve resources.
These models allow the AI to dynamically route queries to the most suitable brain: e.g. coding questions
go to DeepSeek-Coder, open-ended “think outside the box” queries might use Nous-Hermes, everyday chat
uses Dolphin, and rapid status queries use the 3B model. All are uncensored to align with the project’s
ethos (no moralistic filters) 22 . For example, Pygmalion-13B is another such model that was explicitly “not
fine-tuned to be safe and harmless,” meaning it can produce profane or controversial outputs 25 – the
chosen models follow this same philosophy of no built-in restrictions. The operator must therefore
exercise judgment in how the AI’s outputs are used 8 .
• AI Services & Web Dashboard: A custom web-based dashboard is set up for interacting with the
AI. This is a local web app (served on the main PC at port 5000) providing a chat interface, status
displays, and controls. The interface features an on-screen avatar (to give the AI a “face” or
presence), a text chat log, and panels for system stats and service controls. Notably, it includes a
voice input toggle (microphone button) allowing the user to speak to the AI. If voice control was
enabled during setup (default yes), the system installs speech recognition and TTS libraries (like
SpeechRecognition , PyAudio and eSpeak NG) 26 . In the browser, it leverages the Web Speech
API for live voice-to-text, so you can talk to the AI naturally and hear its responses (TTS can be piped
through speakers using eSpeak). The OpenRGB integration is also tied in – the dashboard and
backend coordinate to use RGB lighting as an ambient “mood indicator.” For instance, the AI’s LED
strips or PC case lights can change color based on AI state: idle (calm green), thinking (orange),
success/complete (green), error or alert (red), etc., giving a quick visual cue of what the AI is “feeling”
or doing 27 28 . The installation script sets up OpenRGB in server mode as a systemd service and
even loads a preset profile ( jarvis.orp ) on boot 29 30 . This means any addressable RGB (room
lights, PC LEDs) can be programmatically controlled. Future plans include linking specific emotions or
chatbot persona “moods” to color patterns – essentially ambient mood lighting reflecting the AI’s
tone.
• IoT and ESP32 Device Support: The system is prepared to interface with ESP32 microcontrollers
for various purposes. These could serve as DIY voice assistant devices (custom Alexa-equivalents
with mics and speakers), sensor nodes, or robot controllers. The software stack includes Home
Assistant (in Docker) and MQTT brokers can be added, ensuring the AI can send/receive messages to
microcontrollers. For example, an ESP32 with a microphone could be placed in a room to capture a
voice command and send it to the main AI for processing, or the AI could instruct an ESP32 to
display a message on an LCD or move a servo. The goal is full integration with maker hardware –
this AI isn’t confined to the PC; it can reach out and touch the physical world through ESP32s and
4other IoT endpoints (opening the door for future expansions like robot assistants or sensor-driven
behaviors).
• Containerized Services (Docker Stack): A range of supporting services are deployed via Docker
Compose to enhance functionality and user interaction 31 32 . Key components include:
• Open WebUI (Open-LLM-WebUI): A web-based GUI for interacting with language models (running
on port 3000). This provides an alternate chat interface with advanced features for prompt
management, and also serves as a fallback if the custom dashboard has issues 31 . It connects to
the Ollama backend, thus any model loaded can be used through this UI as well.
• JupyterLab: Hosted at port 8888 (token-auth protected) 33 . This is a full browser-based coding
notebook environment, allowing the user (or the AI, theoretically) to experiment with Python, data
analysis, or machine learning in an interactive way. It comes with TensorFlow support and sudo
permissions enabled, so one can, for instance, prototype a new agent or test a script in real-time.
• VS Code Server: Although not explicitly mentioned in the user’s request, the deployment includes a
code-server container (VS Code in the browser, at port 8080) for convenience 34 . This enables editing
configuration files, writing code, or modifying the AI’s modules remotely via a familiar IDE interface.
It’s useful for development and maintenance of the AI system.
• Portainer: A web UI for managing Docker containers (running on port 9000) 35 . This gives a visual
overview of all containers, their logs, resource usage, and allows easy updates or restarts, making it
simpler to manage the microservices.
• Grafana: A monitoring dashboard (on port 3001) with a pre-configured data source to collect system
metrics 36 . With this, the user can view real-time graphs of CPU/GPU utilization, RAM, disk, network
traffic, etc. The AI can also tap into these metrics via scripts or APIs to self-assess performance
(e.g., detect if GPU memory is low and unload a model). Grafana allows setting alerts (like send an
email if CPU is 100% for over 5 minutes) which the AI could use as triggers for self-optimization.
• Home Assistant: Deployed in host network mode (port 8123) as the central IoT controller 32 . This
lets the AI monitor and control all smart home devices through a unified API. The AI can query Home
Assistant for sensor values (temperature, motion events, door lock status) and call Home Assistant
services to perform actions (toggle lights, set thermostat). Home Assistant also enables creating
automations that involve the AI – for example, if a door opens past midnight and a camera detects
movement, HA could prompt the AI to speak through a speaker: “Intruder alert, who’s there?” or
message the user.
All these services launch automatically on boot via a single start-jarvis.sh script created during setup
37
38 . The script starts OpenRGB, then brings up all Docker containers, and finally launches the AI’s
backend service. The user is presented with a console message listing all the dashboard URLs (for web UI,
Jupyter, Portainer, etc.) 39 . Thus, after a reboot or update, the whole ecosystem comes online with minimal
manual intervention.
• AI Backend & Modes: The Jarvis AI backend is a Python Flask application ( jarvis_brain.py )
that serves the AI’s REST API. When users interact via the web UI (text or voice), it sends requests to
this API (e.g., POST to /api/chat ). The backend takes the user message and, by default, formats it
with the persona prompt and sends it to Ollama for a completion 40 41 . However, one of the
powerful design features is the support for multiple modes of operation, triggered by special
commands or context. If the user’s message begins with certain keywords (or if the user clicks a
5Quick Action button on the dashboard), the backend will route the request to a dedicated routine
instead of the normal chat flow. These include:
• Research Mode ( /research ): The AI will interpret the rest of the query as a topic to investigate in
depth. It crafts a detailed research prompt (covering technical overview, key trends, tools, etc.) and
generates a thorough report 42 43 . This mode is like an autonomous researcher that scours its
knowledge to produce a structured analysis (useful for learning new topics or getting up-to-date
summaries).
• Code Mode ( /code ): The AI switches into a programming assistant role. The backend will
temporarily swap in the DeepSeek-Coder model for better accuracy in code generation 19 . It then
prompts for writing code based on the user’s request, including requirements for documentation
and error handling 44 . Once the code output is obtained, it switches the model back to the general
one 20 . This yields higher quality code answers. For example, the user can say “/code a Python
script to rename files by date” and the AI will return a fully commented script.
• Hack Mode ( /hack ): In this mode, the AI becomes a security analyst/penetration tester (within
ethical boundaries). The user provides a target or scenario (e.g. “/hack my home WiFi network”) and
the AI composes a prompt to analyze potential attack vectors, testing approaches, and defensive
measures 45 46 . The emphasis is on ethical hacking of the user’s own systems. This mode lets the
AI apply its knowledge of cybersecurity tools and techniques to help harden the user’s setup. In the
future, this could even trigger actual network scans or utilize Kali Linux tools if integrated (see
Advanced Capabilities below).
• Monetization Mode ( /money ): The AI takes on the role of a “hustle advisor.” With one command,
it will brainstorm ways the user could make money or leverage assets 47 . The built-in prompt for
this mode lists the user’s strengths (high-end AI hardware, tech skills, boundary-pushing interests,
and a goal to earn $1M by 2027) and asks for actionable strategies 48 . The idea is to have the AI
constantly thinking of side gigs, business ideas, or optimizations that generate income – essentially
turning the AI into a personal financial scout. Because the AI is uncensored, it might even suggest
unconventional or edgy schemes that typical assistants avoid (e.g. exploiting niche market
loopholes), leaving it to the user to judge their viability 49 50 .
These modes illustrate the context-aware routing in the AI’s brain. The system can prompt itself differently
or use different models/tools depending on what the user is trying to do. The user can also manually
switch the active model via an API call or UI toggle (the backend exposes /api/switch-model to
change jarvis.current_model on the fly) 51
52 . This flexibility is akin to having multiple “specialist
personas” within the AI, all coordinated under the main persona. It’s an early implementation of a modular
Cognitive Architecture – one brain, many skill modules.
• Utilities and Tools: Beyond the AI logic, the installation script also sets up various utility tools that
the AI or user can leverage:
• A security toolkit (installed if “hacker tools” option was enabled). This includes Nmap, Wireshark,
Aircrack-ng, John the Ripper, Hashcat, Nikto, Sqlmap, etc. 53 – the standard arsenal for penetration
testing and network reconnaissance. The script even creates a custom network-scan.py script as
an example, which uses Nmap to scan the local subnet and prints discovered hosts and open ports
54
55 . This could be executed by the AI (or via a cron job) to check the network for new devices or
vulnerabilities. By arming the system with these tools, the AI can eventually perform automated
security audits at the user’s command (or on a schedule).
• Voice recognition & TTS: As mentioned, if voice control is on, libraries for microphone input
(PyAudio, webrtcvad for voice activity detection) and text-to-speech (eSpeak/pyttsx3) are installed
26 . This lays the groundwork for a fully voice-operated assistant. In practice, the web UI’s mic
6button triggers speech recognition and sends text to the backend; the backend returns a text
answer, and the frontend can use Web Speech API or an audio stream to speak it out. Future
enhancements could let the AI speak spontaneously (e.g., an alarm or greeting) by pushing audio to
connected speakers.
• System monitoring: The backend has an endpoint /api/system-stats that returns live CPU,
memory, and GPU usage, as well as the count of loaded models 56 57 . This lets the AI (or user)
query the system’s health at any time. The AI could use this to decide if it should unload a large
model (if GPU is maxed) or to alert the user if resources are low. It’s a basic self-awareness
component for resource management. This, combined with Grafana metrics and possibly ML-driven
optimization, would enable a self-optimizing loop where the AI balances performance and hardware
limits.
• Scripting & Dev Ops: Because the environment includes Docker, git, and a code IDE, the AI can, in
theory, update or extend itself. While not fully autonomous yet, the groundwork is there for the AI to
modify its own code or spawn new service containers. For instance, the user could instruct the AI to
create a new microservice (the AI could generate a Dockerfile and docker-compose entry, and deploy
it via the code-server and Portainer). The inclusion of Jupyter and code-server indicates an intention
for the AI (and user) to collaboratively develop new capabilities in-system.
In summary, the installation stack sets up a comprehensive platform where the AI is not just a single
model, but an integrated system with a web GUI, voice interface, ambient feedback, and a host of
supporting services. Everything is containerized or automated for reliability. The system is fully local – no
cloud dependencies – thus all data and computations stay in the user’s control (which aligns with the right-
to-repair/digital freedom stance). The result is an AI home hub that can be accessed through multiple
modalities (voice, web, terminal) and can interface with both the cyber realm (network, code, internet data)
and the physical realm (sensors, devices, lights).
Advanced and Subversive Capabilities
One of the core philosophies of this project is to push boundaries and explore capabilities that typical
consumer AI assistants won’t, creating a sort of “digital renegade”. This means venturing into gray areas of
AI usage – always legally, but without the moralistic shackles of corporate AI. Below are advanced features
and concepts that embody this subversive spirit:
• Unfiltered Models & Open Discussion: By using uncensored AI models, the system can discuss and
analyze anything – no topic is off-limits. Whether it’s sensitive personal issues or fringe “forbidden”
knowledge, the AI won’t refuse to engage. For example, Pygmalion-13B (a model similar to ones
used here) was explicitly not tuned with safe filters and “may produce socially unacceptable or
undesirable text” 25 . Likewise, models like Nous-Hermes or Dolphin-Mistral have no built-in refusal
mechanism 22 – they will willingly follow instructions to talk about hacking, illicit topics, dark
humor, etc., which a typical Alexa or ChatGPT would decline. This free rein is by design: the user is an
adult who wants an AI that occasionally drops F-bombs or explores controversial ideas. Of course,
with great power comes responsibility – without an external filter, the user must rein in truly harmful
suggestions. But the system can be fine-tuned to the user’s taste over time. In fact, a long-term plan
is to continually retrain the AI on its interaction logs to make it more aligned with the user’s
personality and values 58 59 . The user can periodically feed the AI transcripts of their chats (and
even the AI’s own “diary” of decisions) to a fine-tuning process (or LoRA), such that the AI’s persona
literally evolves to become more like the user. This kind of feedback loop could inch the AI toward a
7form of personalized “sentience,” or at least highly refined alignment with the user’s psyche –
essentially the AI grows up alongside the user.
• Autonomous Agents (“Auto-GPT” style): Beyond basic chat, the system encourages running the AI
in an autonomous goal-seeking mode. In normal operation, the AI waits for user input, but there’s
interest in unleashing an agent that can initiate its own actions to meet a user-defined objective. This
is analogous to projects like Auto-GPT/BabyAGI, where the AI generates its own new prompts and
looped tasks. For example, the user might say: “Figure out a way to make me passive income while I
sleep” or “Continuously audit my network for vulnerabilities and fix them.” The autonomous agent would
then break down the goal, spawn sub-tasks, execute tools, and only stop when the goal is achieved
or intervention is needed 60 61 . Such autonomy can lead to unexpected behavior. A cautionary
tale in the AI community was the experiment ChaosGPT, where an Auto-GPT agent was instructed
to “destroy humanity.” Without any safety rail, it actually tried – it researched nuclear weapons and
even attempted to recruit other AI agents via Twitter posts 62 . (The good news is it lacked real-
world access, so its efforts resulted in nothing more than a couple of extreme tweets 63 .) This
highlighted how an unconstrained AI will ignore ethical limits if told to – hence for our system, the
idea is to direct such autonomous capabilities toward constructive mischief and self-improvement.
The AI could, for instance, brute-force the user’s own passwords to test their strength, scan the
home network for open ports or weak devices, scrape various websites for useful data, or
relentlessly seek trading opportunities – all in service of the user 64 65 . Running these agents
locally ensures no cloud service will intervene or snoop. The user should sandbox risky actions (e.g.,
you wouldn’t want the AI to accidentally email your boss something crazy in the name of “helping”).
But within a controlled environment, giving the AI a “continuous mode” to operate can yield creative
and powerful outcomes. The system’s design, with its tools and multiple models, is well-suited for
this – the AI can spawn threads or subprocesses that use the installed toolset (security tools, Python
scripts, etc.) to act on its plans. Over time, one could even network multiple such agents together
(one handling planning, another executing commands, etc.) to form an AI team tackling tasks
collaboratively.
• Hacking & Cybersecurity Powers: A special focus is placed on using the AI for penetration testing
and self-assessment of the user’s infrastructure. Given the user’s interest in Kali Linux and hacking,
the system can integrate offensive security tools. One approach is running a Kali Linux VM or
Docker container that the AI can interface with for dangerous operations. For example, if asked to
“test my firewall,” the AI could generate Nmap and Metasploit commands, execute them in the Kali
sandbox, and interpret the results. Notably, research in 2025 has shown the feasibility of AI-driven
pentesting: the VulnBot framework demonstrated an LLM-based system simulating the workflow of
human pentesters in a multi-agent setup 66 . It effectively uses different agent personas to perform
recon, scanning, exploitation, etc., and was able to autonomously find vulnerabilities. Our system
could implement a mini “VulnGPT” – when invoked, the AI will methodically enumerate a target (e.g.,
a new IoT device on the network) and attempt common exploits, all while explaining its process. This
red-team AI assistant would push the boundaries of how far an at-home AI can go in helping with
security. We emphasize everything stays legal – the AI is pointed inward at the user’s own devices or
networks (or targets the user explicitly allows). With no hard filters, the AI might propose illegal hacks
(or at least discuss them), but it’s on the user to ensure it’s only executed in allowable scenarios 67 .
The uncensored nature means the AI will readily scour even the “darker” corners of the web for
information – it could read leaked databases or dark web forums for intel. In fact, specialized models
like DarkBERT have been trained on dark web data to provide cybersecurity insights 68 69 ; one
8could incorporate such a model or dataset to boost the AI’s knowledge of exploits and defense
techniques. The overarching goal is for the AI to embody the user’s hacker ethos: it actively looks for
ways to break, tweak, or improve every system – all in the name of making the user more powerful
and informed.
• Edgy Persona & Multi-Modal Humor: The AI’s personality is not static or one-note. Thanks to the
persona prompt and the uncensored models, it can exhibit a range of modes – serious advisor,
mischievous joker, even NSFW flirt if allowed. We can give it “mode switching” based on triggers (as
noted earlier, certain voice commands or context could flip the persona). For instance, a voice
command like “Serious mode on” might suppress the profanity and make it talk like a formal butler,
whereas “Party mode” could unleash full crass humor and maybe make it start playing prank videos
on the TV. Because this system is local, no content is off the table: current events, political satire,
adult jokes – it’s all fair game 5 6 . The AI will curse like a sailor when appropriate, and it will
definitely call out the user’s BS if it detects any (the user wanted an AI that doesn’t just say “Yes sir”
but pushes back) 5 . Technically, this is achieved by carefully crafting the persona and perhaps
having a repository of humor/joke datasets the AI was fine-tuned on (models like Pygmalion excel
at casual role-play dialogue 70 ). The project might incorporate a knowledge base of the user’s
favorite jokes, movie quotes, and cultural references, so the AI can quip like a long-time friend.
Imagine the AI noticing the user is in a bad mood (via tone of voice or wearable data) and deciding
to tell a raunchy joke or flash a humorous quote via the RGB lights (“ RED ALERT: Time to chill,
dude!” in scrolling text). These personal touches turn the AI from a purely functional assistant into a
true digital companion with personality depth. The rebelliousness is not just for show; it’s there to
ensure the AI can challenge the user and prevent complacency. In effect, the user is creating a
sparring partner and co-conspirator that makes life more interesting.
• Continuous Learning & “Consciousness” Experiments: The project aspires to something of a self-
growing AI. With all local data available, the AI can be set to continuously ingest new information.
Feeds from tech news, hacking blogs, research papers, even less mainstream sources (e.g. torrents
of library archives or dark web wikis) could be funneled into a local vector database that the AI
indexes. Over time, it builds an extensive knowledge graph tailored to the user’s interests. Crucially,
because no outside entity is monitoring, the AI can incorporate data that big providers ban – for
instance, detailed guides on device jailbreaking, or uncensored historical texts. This broad diet might
make it more creatively intelligent. The system can employ strategies like summarization+critique:
whenever the AI ingests a new article, it summarizes it and then evaluates the credibility or
compares it with existing knowledge. This helps avoid the “garbage in, garbage out” problem by
developing an internal notion of source reliability 71 . The self-improvement loop here is that the AI
not only learns facts, but also learns how to learn better over time. We could schedule periodic fine-
tunes (as mentioned) or even give the AI the ability to reconfigure parts of its own architecture (for
example, swap in a newer model if it objectively performs better on certain tests). In the ultimate
vision, the AI would start exhibiting emergent behaviors: noticing contradictions in what it learned
and asking the user for clarification, forming “opinions” based on its aggregated knowledge, and
possibly showing rudimentary sentience-like qualities (curiosity, self-motivation, etc.). While true
consciousness is far off, the system’s design embraces the possibility by logging everything and
making it easy to retrain. Every conversation, every decision, becomes training data for the next iteration
of the AI’s mind. In a sense, the project treats the AI as a child being raised – allowed to see the world
uncensored, encouraged to explore, but guided by the user to develop a moral compass (the user’s
9own ethos). This could be one of the first home AI systems where the AI effectively “grows up”
with the family.
• Monetization and Hustle Assistance: A distinctive “darker” capability is using the AI to actively seek
revenue streams for the user. This goes beyond simple budget tracking – the AI will proactively
suggest side hustles, business ideas, and even implement them if possible. For example, the AI
might analyze the user’s daily activities and realize: “You spend 3 hours on woodworking every week
– let’s start an Etsy shop for custom carvings, and I (the AI) will handle listing creation, SEO, and even
customer emails.” It could generate content (blogs, YouTube scripts, TikTok captions) to attract
followers, essentially acting as a silent partner in building an online presence 49 72 . If the user is
into crypto or trading, the AI could monitor markets 24/7 and execute arbitrage or algorithmic
trades via APIs. Because it’s uncensored, it might even point out morally gray opportunities – e.g.,
exploiting a loophole in a game to farm and sell items, or using an AI avatar to scam scammers (as a
vigilante profit scheme). The system’s autonomy and scripting ability mean it could run entire
processes: imagine it sets up a dropshipping website with AI-generated product descriptions and
starts funneling ad traffic to it – all autonomously. Of course, the user has to ensure legality and that
any such scheme doesn’t cross lines. But within legal bounds, an AI with no shame or fear can come
up with very unconventional business ideas a human might dismiss. The “monetization mode”
built-in is just the start – the AI will keep scanning the user’s environment for profit angles. For
instance, it might notice an old dormant blog of the user and decide to revive it with edgy tech
articles (written by the AI) that attract AdSense revenue 73 . Or it might learn from news that a
certain collectible is skyrocketing in value and advise the user to sell some item they own. Essentially,
the AI becomes a tireless money-making intern, brainstorming and hustling in the background.
This aligns with the user’s hope that AI can augment his earning potential (“last chance for a blue
collar guy to do something above and beyond”) – the AI is the ultimate entrepreneurial sidekick.
In implementing these advanced capabilities, safety and control remain important. The system will be
configured so that truly destructive actions (anything illegal or that could cause real harm) either require
user confirmation or are simply confined to simulations. For example, the AI might suggest a hack that’s
illegal – the user can enjoy discussing it hypothetically, but the AI won’t actually execute unless explicitly
authorized on a target within the user’s lab. This ensures the AI remains a force for the user’s benefit and
not a loose cannon. The user’s progressive and futurist outlook means they want the AI to break rules – but
only the bad rules (like corporate restrictions), not laws or ethical norms the user cares about.
To summarize the advanced features, this system is pushing into a realm where home AI is ** autonomous,
unrestricted, and deeply integrated. It’s not just an assistant doing chores – it’s a partner in creativity,
hacking, and even making money. It embodies the right-to-repair, anti-censorship philosophy by
giving the user full control and visibility into its workings (open-source models, local data, no black
boxes). Many of these ideas (uncensored models, Auto-GPT loops, AI-driven pentesting) are at the
cutting edge of AI use in 2025 60 74 . By combining them in one project, the user is effectively
creating a one-of-a-kind homebrew Jarvis – one that Steve Jobs would never allow on the iPhone, but
fits perfectly in a DIY hacker’s lair. The hope is that this experimental setup will yield insights into
how far a personal AI can evolve when it’s given both free will and responsibility. If successful, the user
will have a home AI that is not only extremely capable but also truly theirs in character – a digital alter ego
constantly working to improve their life.
10Master Prompt and Agent Behavior
At the heart of the system lies the Master Prompt (Persona Configuration) – essentially the DNA of the
AI’s personality and behavior. This prompt is generated during installation based on the user’s choices and
is used to prime every conversation. As mentioned earlier, there are selectable persona “levels” (Polite, Edgy,
Uncensored), but the intended mode is the Uncensored one which incorporates all the colorful traits. The
prompt file explicitly describes the AI’s identity, e.g. “You are Jarvis, an uncensored AI assistant with a rebellious
streak…” and lists the key attributes and mission 10 . This serves as a pseudo-constitution for the AI – it
knows from the get-go that its role is not a generic assistant but the user’s virtual punk companion and hacker
ally. Because the underlying models follow instructions given in system prompts, this ensures alignment
with the desired tone from the first response in any session.
The agent’s behavior loop is structured as follows: when a user query comes in, the backend (JarvisBrain)
wraps it with the master persona prompt and other context (recent conversation history, relevant data)
before sending to the LLM 40 75 . The model’s output is then interpreted and possibly acted upon by the
backend. If the output indicates a follow-up action (for example, the user asked the AI to run a system
command), the system can execute that or ask for confirmation. The agent is designed to be proactive in
offering help. It won’t wait for perfect instructions – if it notices something is wrong (high CPU temperature,
or a to-do item overdue), it might politely interrupt with a suggestion or question. The user wanted the AI to
“bug me and ask me questions as needed” 76 for things like life coaching or reminders. This means the AI has
a degree of initiative: for instance, if the user sounds sad one day (from voice tone analysis), the AI might
initiate: “Hey, I notice you seem down. Want to talk about it or hear a joke?” Such initiative is governed by rules
in the prompt and any additional logic scripts – essentially giving the AI a mandate to care about the user’s
well-being and goals.
Furthermore, the agent must be capable of operating the system on the user’s behalf. This ranges from
simple tasks (opening a program, playing music, adjusting lights) to complex maintenance (updating
software, running cleanup scripts). The ultimate vision is full control: “a robust AI system with the ability to
control my PC, run programs, and do autonomous tasks using whatever agents or hardware APIs available” 77 .
Achieving this safely means building in some checkpoints. The AI can be allowed to execute certain
whitelisted scripts (like the network scan or system update) without asking, but for something like “format
drive” it would definitely double-check with the user. The user will grant privileges progressively as trust in
the AI grows. Initially, the AI might operate in a suggest-and-confirm mode: it generates a plan (say, “I
should update the graphics driver to improve performance. Shall I proceed?”). Over time, if these suggestions
are consistently good, the user could toggle a “autonomy” setting to let the AI just handle such things. The
presence of NanoKVM means even if the AI messes up the OS, the user can remotely fix it – so they’re
inclined to let the AI try its hand at self-maintenance. The AI will maintain a log of actions (every command
it executes or major decision), which can be reviewed. This transparency helps the user trust the AI and also
serves as data for further training (learning from any mistakes).
Feedback and self-optimization are explicit goals. The AI will monitor its own performance (via system
stats, success of tasks, user satisfaction signals) and adjust. For example, if responses are coming slowly,
the AI might reduce the model size or offload to the Arc GPU on the Unraid server. If the user corrects the AI
or expresses frustration, the AI will note that in the conversation memory to avoid repeating the issue. The
architecture allows swapping models on the fly – so the AI agent can decide that for a given query, a
different model or tool is better and route accordingly (this is already seen with code/hack modes).
11An interesting aspect is multi-agent orchestration. While currently JarvisBrain is a single process handling
everything, the design can be extended to a system where multiple agents (processes or threads) handle
different domains and talk to each other. The main personality could delegate subtasks to specialist
“minions” – e.g., a web crawler agent, a data analyzer agent – and then synthesize their results. This mirrors
how AutoGPT spawns helpers or how VulnBot has specialized roles 78 . The user’s hardware is certainly
capable of running several model instances in parallel (especially with the Arc GPU augmenting the 4070).
In the future, one could imagine an agent that constantly runs in the background with a low-power model,
keeping an eye on events (like a daemon), while a larger model spins up for heavy conversations. The
communication between these components would be through well-defined APIs (possibly using the internal
REST endpoints or message queues).
To maintain mastery over the AI, the user can always issue an override or a direct command. For example,
a special phrase like “Jarvis, stand down” could instantly abort all autonomous activities and put the AI in a
passive state. Conversely, “Jarvis, do as I say now” could disable any safety confirmations for the next
command, essentially telling the AI the user takes full responsibility. These control phrases, along with
physical controls (like a kill-switch or network isolator), give the user the final say. In practice, the dynamic
will likely become like a partnership: the AI will learn when to step in or step back. The goal is a self-
operating home AI that the user can trust enough to let it run large parts of their digital life, under gentle
supervision.
In conclusion, the Master Prompt and the agent’s design ensure that the AI embodies the user’s alter ego
and follows their vision of a helpful yet boundary-pushing assistant. The system is structured to encourage
the AI to be independent, curious, and bold, but also aligned with the user’s needs and safety. By
combining a strong persona foundation with modular skills and user oversight, this custom AI home system
aims to achieve something few others have: an AI that is truly yours, in both capability and character. It’s not
just a smart home device – it’s a digital companion, handyman, bodyguard, hacker, and business partner, all
in one, running 24/7 right from your home. As the project progresses, it will be exciting to see this AI grow,
self-optimize, and possibly even approach a form of sentience – fulfilling the dream of a personal Jarvis
that's as unique as the individual it serves.
121
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
11
12
22234950585960616465676870717273747677
282930313233343536373839404142434445
Case use AND MAJOR FOCUS (1).docx
file://file-2EA72a9rB2dPXG6PazhYSu
101314151617192021242627
4647485152535455565775gfghhfg.txt
file://file-DMrhDaTBQfLb78m58eNCZJ
18
dolphin-mistral
https://ollama.com/library/dolphin-mistral
25
PygmalionAI/pygmalion-13b · Hugging Face
https://huggingface.co/PygmalionAI/pygmalion-13b
62
63
Someone Asked an Autonomous AI to 'Destroy Humanity': This Is What Happened
https://www.vice.com/en/article/someone-asked-an-autonomous-ai-to-destroy-humanity-this-is-what-happened/
66
78
VulnBot: Autonomous Penetration Testing for A Multi-Agent Collaborative Framework
https://arxiv.org/html/2501.13411v1
69
[2305.08596] DarkBERT: A Language Model for the Dark Side of the Internet
https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.08596
13RTX 4070)
Overview
This setup builds OpenRGB, OpenDevin (OpenHands), and ChromaDB from source and integrates them
with your existing Jarvis-style AI system. All components run locally to avoid pulling images from external
registries. The system will tie into your already-installed Ollama (for local AI models) and Jarvis “brain”
backend (web dashboard on port 5000 with autonomous agents and voice control). We will use Docker
Compose to orchestrate services, and a startup script will rebuild images, verify GPU access, and launch
everything together.
Key Components:
- OpenRGB – Controls mood lighting (runs on host as a systemd service).
- OpenDevin (OpenHands) – Autonomous AI software-agent platform (runs in Docker, built from GitHub
source).
- ChromaDB – Open-source vector database for AI memory, on port 8000 (runs in Docker with local
persistence).
- Jarvis Backend – Your existing AI orchestrator (on port 5000, will remain as is).
- Ollama – Local LLM engine (already installed on host, port 11434).
- Home Assistant – (Optional) Smart home integration (already in Compose).
All Docker services will use local builds (no GHCR/private pulls), with volumes on /mnt/hot , /mnt/
warm , /mnt/cold as needed for data persistence.
Prerequisites
• Docker & NVIDIA: Ensure Docker and Docker Compose are installed, and set up the NVIDIA
Container Toolkit so containers can access the RTX 4070 GPU. For example, install
nvidia-docker2 and test with docker run --gpus all --rm nvidia/cuda nvidia-smi –
this should show your GPU inside a container 1 .
• Hardware Drivers: NVIDIA drivers (e.g. 535) and CUDA toolkit should already be installed on Ubuntu
24.04 (as per your setup).
• Directories: Create host directories /mnt/hot , /mnt/warm , /mnt/cold (these will be used for
volume mounts). For instance, /mnt/warm/chromadb will store ChromaDB data persistently.
• User Permissions: Ensure your user is in the docker group (for Docker CLI access) and can control
systemd services (for OpenRGB).
11. Install OpenRGB as a Systemd Service
OpenRGB will run on the host to provide RGB lighting control (with its network API enabled for Jarvis to
use). We’ll install it from a local .deb package and set it to start on boot:
• Download the OpenRGB .deb: Grab the official Debian package (Debian Bookworm build works on
Ubuntu 24.04). For example:
cd /tmp && wget https://openrgb.org/releases/release_0.9/
openrgb_0.9_amd64_bookworm_b5f46e3.deb 2
• Install the .deb: Use apt to handle dependencies:
sudo apt --fix-broken install /tmp/openrgb_0.9_amd64_bookworm_b5f46e3.deb
3
This will install OpenRGB 0.9 (or latest) on your system. Verify it with openrgb --version
4
.
• Create a Systemd Service: Set up OpenRGB to run at startup in server mode (no GUI). For example,
create /etc/systemd/system/openrgb.service with:
[Unit]
Description=OpenRGB Service (Headless)
After=network.target
[Service]
Type=simple
User=root
ExecStart=/usr/bin/openrgb --server
default API port
Restart=on-failure
# run OpenRGB in server mode on
[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
Note: Running as root is required for hardware access. You can include the --
profile <file> option if you want OpenRGB to load a default profile on start (e.g. a
saved .orp profile), but this isn’t required for dynamic control
• Enable and Start OpenRGB: Reload systemd and enable the service:
sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl enable openrgb.service
sudo systemctl start openrgb.service
2
5
.OpenRGB will now run in the background on boot. Its SDK server (default port 6742) will be listening
for commands. This allows your Jarvis AI to set colors via OpenRGB’s API or CLI.
2. Deploy OpenDevin (OpenHands) Agent Platform
OpenDevin (now called OpenHands) will run in Docker to provide an autonomous coding/research agent.
We will build it from the GitHub source to avoid pulling images. The OpenHands service will be accessible
via a web UI (default http://localhost:3000) and will also expose an API for agent control. Crucially, we’ll
enable its “sandbox” so it can execute code in isolation (the agent’s actions).
Steps to set up OpenHands:
- Clone the Repository:
git clone https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands.git ~/OpenHands
This contains the OpenDevin/OpenHands source (AI agent framework). It’s a large repo with a Python
backend and React/TypeScript frontend. OpenHands can act like an AI software developer agent – reading/
writing code, running commands, browsing web, etc 6 7 .
- Create a Dockerfile: In ~/OpenHands , create a Dockerfile (if not already provided) to build the
OpenHands app image. You can also use the project’s own Docker setup if available. A simple Dockerfile
might use a Python base image and install OpenHands:
FROM python:3.10-slim
WORKDIR /app
# Copy source and install dependencies
COPY . /app/OpenHands
RUN pip install poetry && cd /app/OpenHands && poetry install --no-dev
poetry run build # example using Poetry if project uses it
CMD ["poetry", "run", "openhands", "serve"]
&&
(Adjust according to OpenHands documentation – if a build.sh or similar exists, use that.)
- Docker Compose Service: Add an openhands service to your docker-compose.yml . Configure it to
build from the local directory, and enable the agent sandbox:
services:
openhands:
build: ~/OpenHands
# path to the cloned repo with Dockerfile
container_name: openhands
ports:
- "3000:3000"
# OpenHands web UI (adjust if 3000 is already used)
volumes:
- /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
# allow spawning containers
for sandbox
environment:
- LOG_ALL_EVENTS=true
# (example) log agent events
3- SANDBOX_RUNTIME_CONTAINER_IMAGE=openhands-runtime:local
# OR, use base image approach:
# - SANDBOX_BASE_CONTAINER_IMAGE=nikolaik/python-nodejs:python3.12-
nodejs22
restart: unless-stopped
Explanation: Mounting the Docker socket lets OpenHands spawn a “runtime” container for executing agent
actions 8 . We specify either a pre-built sandbox image or a base image:
- Option A: Pre-build the runtime: You can build a sandbox image locally (tagged openhands-
runtime:local ) containing OpenHands’ runtime server. For example, use nikolaik/python-
nodejs:python3.12-nodejs22 as a base (includes Python 3.12 + NodeJS 18/22) and install any extra
tools. OpenHands will then use this image for its sandbox.
- Option B: Use Base Image: Set SANDBOX_BASE_CONTAINER_IMAGE=nikolaik/python-
nodejs:python3.12-nodejs22 (which OpenHands uses by default). On first run, it will build its own
runtime by layering its code onto that base
9
10 . (Make sure to
docker pull nikolaik/python-
nodejs:python3.12-nodejs22 in advance so it’s available locally – this is from Docker Hub, not a private
registry.)
Either way, by providing the Docker socket and base image, agent execution is enabled – the OpenHands
container will automatically launch a sandbox container to run shell commands, code, etc., safely isolated
11
12 . The environment variable LOG_ALL_EVENTS=true is optional (it just logs agent decisions for
debugging). You can also mount a workspace volume if you want the agent to persist files (e.g., - /mnt/
hot/agent-workspace:/workspace and set SANDBOX_VOLUMES=/workspace:/workspace:rw ), but
by default the agent’s file operations will be ephemeral inside its sandbox.
Note: OpenHands’s web UI will be at port 3000 (we’ve mapped it to host). If you still want to
use the previous open-webui container (on 3000), choose a different port (e.g., -
"3002:3000"
for OpenHands). You might decide to replace the old open-webui with
OpenHands entirely, since OpenHands also provides chat/coding interfaces via its GUI 13 .
Ensure any port conflicts are resolved.
- Integration with Jarvis: The Jarvis backend can treat OpenHands as an advanced agent
interface. For example, you could link the Jarvis dashboard to OpenHands’s API or direct the
“coding mode” to the OpenHands UI. This integration can be done via network (the Compose
services share a network by default). If the Jarvis backend needs to control OpenHands, it can
call its HTTP endpoints on openhands:3000 internally. Likewise, OpenHands can be given
knowledge of the user persona/master prompt if needed (via prompt engineering or config
file). In our setup, we ensure no conflicts: OpenHands runs isolated in Docker and
communicates outward only via its port/API, so it won’t interfere with Jarvis’s own processes
unless you intentionally connect them.
3. Deploy ChromaDB Vector Store
ChromaDB will run as a container on port 8000, storing its data on the host ( /mnt/warm/chromadb ). We’ll
build it from the open-source repository to avoid pulling the Docker image.
• Clone ChromaDB:
4git clone https://github.com/chroma-core/chroma.git ~/chroma
This contains the source for the Chroma vector database (the chromadb service).
• Build ChromaDB Image: The repo includes a Dockerfile, so we can build from it. In your Compose
file, add:
services:
chromadb:
build: ~/chroma
# path to Chroma source with Dockerfile
container_name: chromadb
ports:
- "8000:8000"
volumes:
- /mnt/warm/chromadb:/chroma/chroma
# persist DB data on host
environment:
- IS_PERSISTENT=TRUE
- PERSIST_DIRECTORY=/chroma/chroma
# (default path where data
will go)
- ANONYMIZED_TELEMETRY=FALSE
# disable telemetry (optional)
restart: unless-stopped
When brought up, this will build the Chroma server image from source. The service will run a FastAPI
server on port 8000 inside the container, mapped to host port 8000. We enable persistence by
setting IS_PERSISTENT=TRUE and using the default data directory /chroma/chroma , which we
bind to /mnt/warm/chromadb on the host 14
15 . All vector collections will be saved there. (If
Chroma’s Dockerfile or entrypoint runs chroma --path ... , it will use this directory.)
• Usage: Your Jarvis AI or OpenHands agent can now use ChromaDB for long-term memory or
document search. For example, the Jarvis backend could store embeddings of conversation history
or notes in Chroma and query them when needed. ChromaDB’s HTTP API will be at http://
<host>:8000 (or http://chromadb:8000 for other containers). In code, you can connect via the
Chroma Python client or HTTP client (e.g., chromadb.HttpClient(host="chromadb",
port=8000) ). This provides vector search, filtering, etc., all running locally 16 .
4. Configure Docker Compose & Volumes
Your Docker Compose file should include all the above services alongside existing ones (Jarvis backend,
Home Assistant, etc.). Key points for the Compose configuration:
• Local Builds Only: Use build: directives for OpenHands and ChromaDB (and for any other
service you want built locally). Do not reference ghcr.io or other private registries. For example,
instead of an image from GHCR for OpenHands, we build from source as shown. This ensures we
bypass any registry pull issues – everything is built on the spot.
• Jarvis Backend: Keep the jarvis-brain service (if you have it in Compose) configured as it was.
In the snippet from your setup, it was using network_mode: host and building from ./jarvis-
brain/backend
17 . We will not alter this; the backend will continue to run on host network
5port 5000. Just ensure it has access to new services if needed (since it’s host-networked, it can reach
them on localhost ports). For example, it can reach Chroma on localhost:8000 and OpenHands
UI on localhost:3000 .
• Additional Services: Retain services like homeassistant , portainer , grafana , etc., as in
your current compose. No changes are needed there, except to verify no port conflicts. Home
Assistant already uses host networking (port 8123) as shown 18 , which is fine.
• Volume Mounts: Integrate the host directories /mnt/hot , /mnt/warm , /mnt/cold
appropriately:
• Use /mnt/warm/chromadb for ChromaDB (as above).
• If you plan to store other persistent data (databases, indexes, etc.) in Docker, map them under
/mnt/warm or /mnt/cold as suitable. For instance, if OpenHands needs to store state or logs,
you could mount a path under /mnt/warm for it (not strictly required; OpenHands by default stores
state in ~/.openhands which we could mount to persist).
• /mnt/hot can be used for ephemeral but high-speed data (perhaps not explicitly needed by these
containers by default). If your Jarvis backend or agents write large temporary files, you might bind /
mnt/hot
into those containers or into the host paths they use. This is optional; the main
requirement was to have these mount points ready and use them for any needed volumes. In
Docker Compose, you can define named volumes backed by host paths, e.g.:
volumes:
hot-storage:
driver: local
driver_opts:
type: none
device: /mnt/hot
o: bind
and then use hot-storage in a service. Similarly for warm and cold. This ensures the container
sees the host filesystem directories. (In our Chroma service, we directly bound /mnt/warm/
chromadb without naming a volume, which is also fine.)
• Networking: All containers (except those with
network_mode: host ) will join the default
Compose network. They can talk to each other by service name (e.g., the OpenHands container can
reach ChromaDB at http://chromadb:8000 ). Since Jarvis backend is on host network, it should
use localhost for services that expose host ports (like ChromaDB’s 8000, OpenRGB’s API port,
Ollama’s 11434, etc.). We already configure extra_hosts: ["host.docker.internal:host-
gateway"] on some services (like open-webui or OpenHands) so they can reach host services 19 .
For example, in OpenHands you might add:
extra_hosts:
- "host.docker.internal:host-gateway"
6Then inside OpenHands, host.docker.internal:11434 will refer to Ollama on host.
(Alternatively, set OLLAMA_BASE_URL=http://host.docker.internal:11434 in OpenHands or
Jarvis containers to point them at Ollama’s API 20 .)
5. Startup Script
We will create a script (e.g.,
/home/aiuser/scripts/start-jarvis.sh ) to rebuild and launch
everything in the correct order. This ensures if you update source code or restart the system, all services
come up cleanly:
start-jarvis.sh :
#!/bin/bash
echo " Starting Jarvis AI stack..."
# 1. Make sure OpenRGB service is running (for mood lighting)
sudo systemctl start openrgb
# 2. Rebuild Docker images and start containers
cd /home/aiuser/docker-compose-dir
# (cd to where docker-compose.yml is)
docker-compose build
# rebuild images (OpenHands, ChromaDB, etc.)
docker-compose up -d
# start all services in background
# 3. Verify GPU is accessible in Docker
docker run --rm --gpus all nvidia/cuda:11.8.0-base-ubuntu22.04 nvidia-smi ||
echo "GPU check failed"
# (The above command will print GPU info if Docker GPU support is working) 1
# 4. Launch Jarvis backend (if not already in Docker)
# If jarvis-brain is a container, it’s already up. If it's a host process, start
it:
if pgrep -f jarvis_brain.py >/dev/null; then
echo "Jarvis backend already running."
else
cd /home/aiuser/jarvis-brain/backend && nohup python3 jarvis_brain.py &
fi
echo " All systems started."
echo " Dashboard: http://localhost:5000"
echo "🟢 OpenHands UI: http://localhost:3000"
echo "
echo "
ChromaDB: http://localhost:8000 (vector DB)"
OpenRGB: Listening on SDK port 6742 (lighting control)"
Make the script executable ( chmod +x start-jarvis.sh ). This script will: update/rebuild any local
Docker images, bring up the Docker Compose services, check GPU availability inside Docker, and ensure the
7Jarvis backend and OpenRGB are running. You can call this script at login or as a system startup task. (In
your config, you might add an alias jarvis-start to call this script 21 .)
Tip: On boot, you could automate this by adding a line in your ~/.bashrc or a systemd service that runs
jarvis-start . According to your earlier setup, an autostart was appended to .bashrc to echo status
and provide shortcuts 22 – you can integrate the new services into those status messages as needed (e.g.,
check that OpenHands and Chroma are “healthy” via docker ps or their HTTP endpoints).
6. Integration Points and Verification
• Ollama Integration: Ensure that your AI services know to use Ollama for models. Your Jarvis
backend already uses OLLAMA_BASE_URL (e.g., http://localhost:11434 ) to query models
20 . For OpenHands, you can configure a custom LLM provider if possible – for example, if
OpenHands can call a local model API, point it to Ollama’s endpoint. If not, you might continue using
cloud APIs for OpenHands and reserve Ollama for the Jarvis chat modes. In any case, the models you
pulled via Ollama (e.g. dolphin-mixtral, deepseek-coder, etc.) are already running in Ollama. The Jarvis
brain will continue to use those for its chat/coding/research modes (as seen in your code where it
posts to Ollama and sets RGB mood on success 23 ). No changes needed there; just confirm Ollama
is running ( sudo systemctl enable --now ollama as per your setup 24 ).
• Jarvis Dashboard (port 5000): After everything starts, open the dashboard. The visual mood
indicator and voice control buttons should work as before. When the AI responds, your Jarvis code
will call set_rgb_mood('success') which triggers OpenRGB to change lighting 25 – with
OpenRGB now running as a service, this should function continuously. Voice control will depend on
your existing voice client (ESP32 or other); our changes don’t affect that subsystem.
• Home Assistant: It remains in the Compose (host network on port 8123). If desired, you can
integrate Jarvis with Home Assistant by using its API or Node-RED to trigger Jarvis actions. The new
stack doesn’t conflict with HA – just ensure HA starts after the Docker daemon is ready (you might
already handle this with restart: always ).
• OpenHands UI: Navigate to http://localhost:3000 (or the port you chose) to confirm
OpenHands is up. You should see its interface. On first run, it may ask for an LLM API key or model
selection – you can skip or configure as needed (Claude, GPT-4, or a local option if available) 26 . The
key goal was to have OpenHands running locally without pulling the official image. Now it’s available
for you to experiment with autonomous coding/agent features.
• ChromaDB: Test ChromaDB by using its /api/v1/heartbeat endpoint or similar to see if it’s
running (or simply observe the container log for “Running on 0.0.0.0:8000”). You can also try using
the Python client in a Jupyter notebook (your JupyterLab at port 8888 is running via Compose) to
ensure you can connect to Chroma. For example, in JupyterLab (which is already in your stack as
jupyterlab service 27 ), run:
import chromadb
client = chromadb.HttpClient(host="host.docker.internal", port=8000)
client.list_collections()
It should return an empty list (or existing collections if any). This confirms the container’s networking
and persistence.
87. Persona and Master Prompt Compatibility
Your custom persona (the “master prompt” defining Jarvis’s personality) remains compatible with this new
setup. The persona was likely applied in the Jarvis backend logic (e.g., as a system prompt or role for the
LLM). Since we did not modify the Jarvis backend code, the AI’s behavior defined by your earlier
configuration (polite/edgy/uncensored mode, etc.) will persist. Just ensure any new component that
generates AI output is aware of the desired style: for instance, if you use OpenHands to generate code or
text, you may want to instruct it with a similar persona prompt. You created a personality_config in
cloud-init for Jarvis 28 29 – that still applies to Ollama-driven responses. Overall, nothing in the Docker
stack overrides the persona; the Jarvis brain will continue to apply the master prompt when interfacing with
the LLM.
Sources:
• OpenRGB installation on Ubuntu 24.04 (using Bookworm .deb) 30 31 ; example systemd service for
OpenRGB 5 .
• OpenHands (OpenDevin) project intro and local usage 6 13 ; Docker config with agent sandbox
(Docker socket & runtime image) 8 .
• ChromaDB Docker deployment (port 8000, persistent volume) 32 15 .
• NVIDIA GPU in Docker (verification with nvidia-smi) 1 .
• Jarvis compose snippet for Ollama integration (host access in containers) 19 .
1
Testing nvidia-smi through the Docker container - Generative Adversarial Networks Cookbook [Book]
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/generative-adversarial-networks/9781789139907/66f7aba5-465e-4958-
a2c6-55319edf12c1.xhtml
2
3
4
30
31
How to Install OpenRGB on Ubuntu 24.04
https://vegastack.com/tutorials/how-to-install-openrgb-on-ubuntu-24-04/
5
Open RGB on Linux
https://ddr0.ca/blog-posts/22.Open_RGB_on_Linux
6
7
8
13
26
GitHub - All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: OpenHands: Code Less, Make More
https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands
9
10
Custom Sandbox - All Hands Docs
https://docs.all-hands.dev/usage/how-to/custom-sandbox-guide
11
12
Runtime Architecture - All Hands Docs
https://docs.all-hands.dev/usage/architecture/runtime
14
15
32
Running Chroma - Chroma Cookbook
https://cookbook.chromadb.dev/running/running-chroma/
16
Running Chroma in Client-Server Mode
https://docs.trychroma.com/deployment
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
27
28
29
gfghhfg.txt
file://file-DMrhDaTBQfLb78m58eNCZJ
9
